I pulled a top path up so I can work on
the bottom path and curl the bottom I
will be using a 1 in 1/4 inch barrel
curling iron by a hot tool the whole
trick to this look is this product right
here it is red khun's hot sets 22
thermal setting men usually divide mine
into kind of sections on my right and
left side and then I take pieces and I
never know like when they say in curling
tutorials like how many inches like a
two inch piece or something like that I
have no idea you just kind of have to go
with what you think just spritz
about four spritzes of red can hot sets
and I take just a normal brush brush and
I'll take your curling iron and you
start at the top and your curling away
from your face and twist it away from
your face and as you're going down you
just keep twisting but stay close to the
top stay close to your scalp as you do
this and this will really give you a lot
of volume at the top of the curl and
just keep twisting and I loosen the clip
by going like this and it just pulls the
hair in as I twist so I make sure that I
get everything girls
and I don't have a certain amount of
time that I hold it on here I just kind
of go with however long it takes them to
get to the bottom of that curl and
that's what it looks like it's gonna
look very bring liddie at first do not
brush it out immediately let the curl
cool down because that's how it retains
its shape so just keep moving on you
gotta start at the top clip and then
work your way down as you twist keeping
it up at the top when I say work your
way down you mean work your way down the
strand of hair and this is what I spray
it with is this alternative caviar
anti-aging and working hairspray and I
don't really know where it's hit you
tuned but as soon as I get down with a
half I spray it so I just finished my
right side so I'm just gonna spray it
and then what I'm going to do is I take
down the top half but I take it down
like half by half so I'll take down the
left side first and then put the right
side back up again spritz with the
redken spray about three to four times
brush it through and then again keep
curling away from your face starting at
the top near the scalp and twisting the
hair away from your base and again don't
bother the curl just you know it looks
very ring lady so I had just finished
curling my whole head and I'm gonna do
one more layer of the caviar hair spray
all over just kind of set it and then
now it still looks pretty like I said is
when you get to flip your head over and
messed up a little bit so give your hair
and spray a little bit to dry little
to dry and then you just flip your head
over and make kind of like claw hands
with your hands it's the only way I know
how to describe it but make these like
kind of claw hands and just like go like
that all over to your scalp to kind of
loosen up those curls yeah that is
literally what I do so when I flip it
over looks a little bit more messy and
less perfect and in about ten minutes
usually who's how long it takes my hair
to start loosening so my hair is really
fine like I said before curls fall out
of it easily but um the next kind of
step that I do to really make it volume
is and finish it off is I take this AK
wash uplifting phone and I just shake it
up I pull up this top back layer with my
fingers like that and I spray this foam
directly at the roots just a little bit
a little bit goes a long way I massage
it in with my hands and then I take this
um
teasing you by Monroe teasing brush I
love this thing um it works amazingly
and I just tease the back and then I
spray it with this Loreal Elnett satin
hairspray it looks like it is ancient
and I think the packaging is literally
from the 70s or something but it works
so well your hair will not budge and I
usually do this on about three sections
I could give it a second to set it back
over and you can see how much volume it
gives you at the past am to the size I
usually do one back here
I really hope that you guys can feel
this this is my first hair tutorial that
I've ever shown I do want to pair the
front
and then we'll do two more little
sections on this side and now you could
just take your fingers and kind of
loosen up those curls and make sure the
top you can't see the sections of the
curls so make sure the top looks a
little bit smooth I usually don't take a
brush to it until the very end when I
know I really need to brush up a top
layer because otherwise you can really
damage the curls and you'll have to do
some pieces over so usually that's about
what I do I spray the bottom where the
curls are with that old lady right and
then I take my round brush and just
barely go over the areas that needs
smooth it a little bit and I spray liked
it by